This is a forked version of the original arpwatch licensed under the BSD
license (afaik).
I think it's okay that I release it with my changes under GPL.

If you have suggestions or patches, please use freshmeat.net to locate the
project and then use "contact developer". Only there a recent and working
email address is published.
DO NOT PUBLISH MY EMAIL ADDRESS ANYWHERE - IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE.

Thank you.

-Freek/2005

Original README following

-- -

ARPWATCH 2.1
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
Network Research Group
arpwatch@ee.lbl.gov
ftp://ftp.ee.lbl.gov/arpwatch.tar.gz

This directory contains source code for arpwatch and arpsnmp, tools
that monitors ethernet or fddi activity and maintain a database of
ethernet/ip address pairings. It also reports certain changes via
email.

Arpwatch uses libpcap, a system-independent interface for user-level
packet capture.  Before building arpwatch, you must first retrieve and
build libpcap, also from LBL, in:

	ftp://ftp.ee.lbl.gov/libpcap.tar.gz

Once libpcap is built (either install it or make sure arpwatch and
libpcap share the same parent directory), you can build arpwatch using
the procedure in the INSTALL file.

Arpsnmp has the same database features of arpwatch but relies on an
external agent to collect the arp data. This distribution contains a
script, arpfetch, that uses snmpwalk from the CMU SNMP package. This
package is available from:

	ftp://ftp.net.cmu.edu/pub/snmp-dist/cmu-snmp*.tar.gz

It should be trivial to adapt the output of any snmp query program
for use with arpsnmp.

The ethernet vendor codes in ethercodes.dat is only current at the
time the last arpwatch release was assembled. The data it contains
come from the IEEE's website:

    http://standards.ieee.org/regauth/oui/oui.txt

This is the IEEE's public Organizationally Unique Identifier (OUI)
listing. If you run across an OUI that isn't in ethercodes.dat (or
find any other deficiency) get a new copy from the IEEE website.

Under FreeBSD you can do this using use fetch(1). Next convert the
file to ethercodes.dat format using the massagevendor script.

If you still have a problem with ethercodes.dat, contact the IEEE
website (after all, they're the ones who assign OUIs...)

Please send bugs and comments to arpwatch@ee.lbl.gov.
